adding video, slides and notes (#479)
ropensci/roweb3: content/commcalls/2023-01-31/index.md

country: "\U0001F310"
attendees: All are welcome
slug: jan2023-targets
notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iuIOIxuK30gPYlUmEDDPP__N6dZ9mFu6gsgL8-f2lQI/edit?usp=sharing
outputs:
- HTML
- Calendar 
vimeo:
 - id: '795053980'
resources:

>   - url: https://cct-datascience.quarto.pub/harnessing-hpc-power-with-targets/
>     name: Eric Scott slides  
>     details: Harnessing HPC power with {targets}
>   - url: https://joelnitta.github.io/comm-call-bioinfo-targets/
>     name: Joel Nitta slides
>     details: Using {targets} for bioinformatics pipelines
>   - url: https://www.joelnitta.com/posts/2021-11-16_r-bioinfo-flow/
>     name: Joel Nitta Blog post
>     details:     
>   - url: https://github.com/joelnitta/targets_vcf_example
>     name: Joel Nitta code
>     details:     
>   - url: https://wlandau.github.io/targets-debug/
>     name: Will Landau slides
>     details: Debugging {targets} pipelines.    
>   - url: https://github.com/wlandau/targets-debug 
>     name: Will Landau code
>     details:     

Reviewer: I would suggest re-organizing to have the stuff presented in the call itself first (slides and Will's code), followed by extra resources.

```suggestion
  - url: https://cct-datascience.quarto.pub/harnessing-hpc-power-with-targets/
    name: Eric Scott's slides  
    details: Harnessing HPC power with {targets}
  - url: https://joelnitta.github.io/comm-call-bioinfo-targets/
    name: Joel Nitta's slides
    details: Using {targets} for bioinformatics pipelines
  - url: https://wlandau.github.io/targets-debug/
    name: Will Landau's slides
    details: Debugging {targets} pipelines.      
  - url: https://github.com/wlandau/targets-debug 
    name: Will Landau's code
    details: Live demo code example
   - url: https://github.com/joelnitta/targets_vcf_example
    name: Joel Nitta's code
    details:  Example code
  - url: https://www.joelnitta.com/posts/2021-11-16_r-bioinfo-flow/
    name: Joel Nitta's Blog post
    details:  Managing bioinformatics pipelines with R   
```
